# Lab 3
Now that we know some of the basic components of a database; in the next lab, we'll spend some time working real data. 

Systematic trading is a way of defining trade goals, risk controls and rules that can make investment and trading decisions in a methodical way. Systematic trading includes both manual trading of systems, and full or partial automation using computers. In this lab, we will try to build an amateur systmatic trading infrastructure for trading cypto currencies. This entire process will require storing a database of prices.

We will implement a simple reversal model. A reversal occurs when a security's price trend changes direction, and is used by technical traders to confirm patterns. Essentially, if the price goes up, bet on it going down. This is actually decent model to follow in low latency trading scenarios.

## Things to Do
Complete all the TODOs listed in the codebase to finish the project. At a high-level, here's what you are doing:
* Building a class that fetches live crypto price data from "https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/" for 20 coins in the coins.txt file.
* Writing another class that stores these live prices into a sqlite database.
* Writing a runner class that repeatedly fetched data and determines a trading decision
* Answer questions in WRITEUP.md


## Running Tests
You can see the output of your code by running:
```
$ cd [project-directory]
$ ant clean
$ ant
$ ant run
```

You will be responsible for debugging your own code in this lab and no tests will be provided.

<p>For more details about how to use Ant,
see the [manual](http://ant.apache.org/manual/). The
[Running Ant](http://ant.apache.org/manual/running.html) section
provides details about using the `ant` command. However, the quick
reference table below should be sufficient for working on the labs.

Command | Description
--- | ---
ant|Build the default target ( this is dist).
ant -projecthelp|List all the targets in `build.xml` with descriptions.
ant test|Compile and run all the unit tests.
ant runtest -Dtest=testname|Run the unit test named `testname`.


If you are under windows system and don't want to run ant tests from command line, you can also run them from eclipse. Right click build.xml, in the targets tab, you can see "runtest" "runsystest" etc. For example, select runtest would be equivalent to "ant runtest" from command line. 
Arguments such as "-Dtest=testname" can be specified in the "Main" Tab, "Arguments" textbox. Note that you can also create a shortcut to runtest
by copying from build.xml, modifying targets and arguments and renaming it to, say, runtest_build.xml.

### Working in Eclipse 

[Eclipse](http://www.eclipse.org) is a graphical software
development environment that you might be more comfortable with working in.
The instructions we provide were generated by using Eclipse 
for Java Developers (not the enterprise edition) with Java 1.6.0_20+ on Ubuntu 
16.04+ LTS.  They should also work under Windows or on MacOS. 


**Set Up for Eclipse**
*  git clone your repository
*  Install and run Eclipse 
*  File -> Import -> Projects From Git -> Local -> Then add the directory where you cloned your forked repo -> Finish
*  Next-> Import Existing Project
*    Click finish, and you should be able to see "uchidblab1" as a new project in the Project Explorer tab on the left-hand side of your screen. Opening this project reveals the directory structure discussed above - implementation code can be found in "src," and unit tests and system tests found in "test." 

**Running Individual Unit and System Tests**

To run a unit test or system test (both are JUnit tests, and can be
initialized the same way), go to the
Package Explorer tab on the left side of your screen.  Under the "uchidblab1"
project, open the "test" directory.  Unit tests are found in the "uchidb"
package.
To run one of these tests, select the test (they are all called *Test.java -
don't select TestUtil.java or SystemTestUtil.java), right click on it, select "Run As,"
and select "JUnit Test."  This will bring up a JUnit tab, which will tell you
the status of the individual tests within the JUnit test suite, and will show you
exceptions and other errors that will help you debug problems.


**Running Ant Build Targets**
If you want to run commands such as "ant test" or "ant systemtest,"
right click on build.xml in the Package Explorer.  Select "Run As,"
and then "Ant Build..." (note: select the option with the ellipsis (...), otherwise
you won't be presented with a set of build targets to run).  Then,
in the "Targets" tab of the next screen, check off the targets you want to
run (probably "dist" and one of "test" or "systemtest").  This should
run the build targets and show you the results in Eclipse's console window.

